The long haul is the only neutral zone in all of the anvil. What began as a refugee zone the patrolling CMA pilots who were not home during the resonance, it grew into the largest space station in the Anvyr System. When resonance snapped, all CMA pilots lost touch with The Halo. The only remaing pulse on radar was an emergency supply station halfway between the veil and the expanse. First the harriers of the CMA arrived. Then civilian ships, then long haul brigades designed to cross the expanse. With no contact from beyond the expanse, and no more ranger attacks, the refugee’s started to build a new settlement. This did not go so well, as food, water and fuel was scarce. The former harriers started to pillage wrecks and ghost ships they found surrounding Carnus. This soon awakened a stagnant refugee society, and over the first 50 years on the station, it grew into a massive scrapyard and scavenger hub. The other stations that dotted the anvil looked to the Long Haul as central hub. It was ran by different crime and slum lords, always struggling to be on top. In 9318 the rangers reached the station again, in peace this time. They started conducting trade under the distrustful eyes of the anvil. 3 years later an autonomous ship from Horizon approached with trade offers as well. Soon this free scavenger hub also became the neutral zone for two opposing empires to trade. Over the next 9000 years the Long Haul has become an artificial moon suspended directly halfway between Vaelus and Horizon, smack dab in the middle of the anvil. There is no authority here, only commerce. Exiles, miners, truckers, intelligence agents, eccentrics, every type worked on the long haul. Almost all trade between the FSC, The Conglomerate, and the pirate nations of Folly happens here. There is no true military presence, and there is a strong aversion among most residents for colors or pride of the foreign nations. Every visitor detects the different, almost cult like attitude on the long haul. No one messes with them, and visitors should watch their step. The families that run it are old and engraved. Some say they are ran by the families in the Folly, and the long haul acts as their conduit to the world that destroyed them. A 1000 levels exist on the haul, and each is rolling with shipyards, refineries, saloons, slums, corporations, dens, and casinos. They say the pirate headquarters lies at the heart of the haul, and only knowledgeable pilots can dodge and weave through the thousands of pipes, airlocks, and struts that connect the haphazard station together to find it. The haul is also home to the black market, and is well funded and protected by fcs and conglomerate alike. The exterior ports are where the station gets it name, as they are where long haul freighters fuel up and rest between the forge and Horizon. 