The Conglomerate
The conglomerate claims to be the remnant of the Conglomerate Merchants of Anvyr, serving the people of Horizon as the families did before. Do not believe the lies of the internal machine. No one knows what the conglomerate really is. Very few ships reach Horizon nowadays, most stopping at robotic storage stations in the blackreach expanse. The few ships that have seen and returned alive say they see a machine world covered in night. No sunlight reaches this far anymore, and the only lights on the surface appear to be green. No souls have been seen in the city, but food is delivered for billions. No exports come from Horizon anymore, besides automated ships with choppy, outdated ai that transfer credits and retrieves minerals. The FCS has many caution documents about dealing with them, and constantly checks and scrutinizes their ships and those who work for them. They deal with the FCS via a Human led subsidiary based on the long haul. Referred to by most as the suits, this arm of the conglomerate are psychopathically intense, almost machine like, and never give up. Every single one, from the mailroom to the CEO’s offices, are trained assassins. They act as the CMA did, with 13 corporations, and  represent the 13 moons, though the Folly despises them. This unasked, almost fake representation is unnerving to all who deal with them. They are widespread, found in every populace from the Haul all the way to the lighthouse. Avoided like a plague, they represent the dark edge of the blackreach. 

Raw data is that when the 4th crossed the blackreach, with the blood of millions on his hands, his mind turned even darker. Once he made it to the city planet of Horizon, he met what was left of Conglomerate command, a sentient AI with one inherent order: protect human life. It went about this in the most unethical way possible. The ai used its mass amounts of robots to knock out every human soul on Horizon, and it hooked them up to cryogenic crypts. This way, the ai figured, no human life could be lost if it protected them. When the 4th arrived, he was witness to the capturing of all human life, including his rangers. He was taken to the core of the ai, and as a safety measure, the core decided to assimilate him. Due the the resonant activity in the robotics in the 4th’s body, the assimilation became corrupted, with the code of the ai and the dna of the 4th becoming intertwined. This corruption spread throughout the ai system, and soon all of Horizon was corrupted with the two being intellence. 